README.md, before:

<h2>Why TakeCare?</h2>

The TakeCare application is designed to support users’ health with the help of technology. Our main focus is on both mental and physical health.

<h3>What does this application include?</h3>

Skin check – analyze symptoms and detect possible diseases.

Charity support – a setting for helping poor people who cannot afford medical care.

Doctor messaging & counseling – mental health support through professional guidance.

Hospital token booking – book tokens with doctor recommendations for specific diseases.

E-commerce for medical products – purchase items like sanitary pads, cotton, and other ess


![Screenshot 2025-04-01 180614](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/89f95920-5493-4c52-bbc6-146555f8e38e)


/disease identification/

![Screenshot 2025-04-01 181948](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a2d0f9f2-82f1-4dd7-abf2-c1f4d15d95c7)

<h2>Charity page : </h2><br>
created chairty page and finally commited charity doner apply page and charity reciever registration.<br>
also include admin approvel for charity doner.
<br><br>
charity page contain - login pge for each doner and charity reciever, what we can access charity and how to apply for charity..


/Doctors Help for mental health/

Commit message:

Revise charity page content and application details
Updated charity page description and added details about donor application process.

README.md, after:

<h2>Why TakeCare?</h2>

The TakeCare application is designed to support users’ health with the help of technology. Our main focus is on both mental and physical health.

<h3>What does this application include?</h3>

Skin check – analyze symptoms and detect possible diseases.

Charity support – a setting for helping poor people who cannot afford medical care.

Doctor messaging & counseling – mental health support through professional guidance.

Hospital token booking – book tokens with doctor recommendations for specific diseases.

E-commerce for medical products – purchase items like sanitary pads, cotton, and other ess


![Screenshot 2025-04-01 180614](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/89f95920-5493-4c52-bbc6-146555f8e38e)


/disease identification/

![Screenshot 2025-04-01 181948](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a2d0f9f2-82f1-4dd7-abf2-c1f4d15d95c7)

<h2>Charity page : </h2><br>
created chairty page and finally commited charity doner apply page and charity reciever registration.<br>
also include admin approvel for charity doner.
<br><br>
charity page contain - login pge for each doner and charity reciever, what we can access charity and how to apply for charity..<br>
donor application with donor can accept and reject the charity request.


/Doctors Help for mental health/
